# 70-535

70-535.md

*   https://www.safaribooksonline.com/library/view/exam-ref-70-535/9781509304769/

*   https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/uspartner_ts2team/2018/05/02/prepare-for-the-azure-infrastructure-exam-70-535/




This is only my opinion and not advice, because everybody learns differently and everybody starts 
with different knowledge. (I had no azure experience previously but had a little relevant experience 
from a year ago with Docker containers, Hadoop/HDFS and MapReduce programs, and PostgreSQL on a Mac 
as part of a big data course I was taking… unrelated to Microsoft.)

I had until August to complete the exam (since I was hired late last year) and planned to take it 
around mid-spring. I started in Feb/March with a very slow study process due to very limited available 
time outside of work. I did not take the exam before yesterday. 

If I had to do it again, I’d do the following in this order:

1.  Learn skills, one by one, in the list of exam objectives, by using the online Azure docs, but just 
    for one area at a time (compute, data, networking, etc.) Read, re-read, and re-read, but use good 
    judgment around the depth needed in an architect role.
2.	As each area is completed, I would then read the corresponding chapter in the new MS Press exam ref 
    book (I had just received it 10 days ago). Note that the book is missing some of the newest skills, 
    and there’s a long list of mostly grammatical errors (there’s at least one technical error though). 
    I felt like the book provided the “glue” to hold all of the objective topics together, and without 
    it, my understanding without the book was more focused on just the “what”, the “how”, and the “why” 
    and only some of the “when” and information relating each item to other items.
3)	Take some of the measureup practice questions – note that they are out of date, but I was informed a 
    few weeks ago (when I asked them about it) that they expect to update them in June. The questions 
    (or a variety of web sites and videos) help prep you for the style of questions you will receive on 
    the real exam. In addition, even though they are out of date, you learn a lot by reading explanations 
    of the right and wrong answers.
4)	Watch the READY exam prep presentations (534 with Mark Grimes and 535 with Mark Grimes and Brian 
    Swiger), and ensure you have a good understanding everything presented.

I did not follow the popular advice to take the exam early in the study process, because I prioritized 
having those few extra hours for studying instead of taking an exam to tell me which areas I needed 
to learn, since I already knew which areas I still had to learn! I was in this to learn Azure anyway, 
so it didn’t make sense for me to take the exam until I fully studied all areas. Besides, I was told 
that questions could be different each time you take the exam.

By the way, I had just learned about another training source from Brian Swiger (thanks Brian!) a few 
days ago – I only had a few minutes to check it out, and it seems to be good – it seems like it could 
provide some of the “glue” that I mentioned above – on Pluralsight – “Microsoft Azure for Developers 
- What to Use When”.