# 20200227

20200227.md

Regarding GPS-FB with AndroidX dependencies.
It can really be published tomorrow. And IMO (not IMHO) it should be published 
tomorrow/today/yesterday. As previews of course. That would give us feedback earlier and less 
stress later on.
I don't know why we have such a strict rules for publishing which block us and then we rush to 
publish something untested.

Here is good example:
Jon Dick (redth) wanted me to publish Material 1.1.0, but in a discussion with Shane I realized it 
wasn't tested at all with Xamarin.Forms, so I decided on my own and decided not to publish it...

https://xamarinhq.slack.com/archives/CSFQWNPFS/p1581704378007800

Now 1.1.0 is in rc2 and has some nasty bugs (taks a lot of time).
Each artifact version bump (updates/upgrades) reveal new issues on our side.

So a lot of my questions remain unanswered. Like this one about error in build of samples on GPS-FB 
master:

https://xamarinhq.slack.com/archives/C03CEGRUW/p1581522214000700

https://xamarinhq.slack.com/archives/CFBG061K8/p1578481959003300

The error is in one sample only:
```
error APT2000: resource android:attr/preserveIconSpacing is private.
```

Si I have to repeat myself and annoy people. And feeling invisible is not happy feeling if you are not 
superhero with superpowers...

That error is on master of GPS-FB (Android.Support dependencies), there is also master_based_androidx 
branch which builds nugets, but samples need to be rewriten, because quite a lot APIs changed in GPS-FB 
with dawn of AndroidX. This is work to be done, but I would publish previews.
master  and `master_based_androidx` differ so much that I think they will never be merged. The later 
will end up like AndroidX in new repo - at least I think/hope so.
So I do not understand Matthews theory/requirement that master should build 1st.

GPS-FB has CI build issues since we switched to new templating system and I did not have time to go 
deeper into this. Besides context switching between updates, upgrades, bug triage takes a lot of time.

And then our lovely users wanting higher cadence:

https://xamarinhq.slack.com/archives/C03CEGRUW/p1582287508161400

That's why I don't use twitter :sunglasses:

Right now I have 3 branches with updates for AndroidX since we froze the master (201912, 202001 and 
new 202002).

So this is "short" story about status of GPS-FB. Almost there
I hope this helps.